[Man Narrating] Hunger.
the poet once said.
is the most important
thing we know.
the first lesson we learn.
But hunger can be easily
quieted down. easily satiated.
There is another force.
a different type of hunger.
an unquenchable thirst
that cannot be extinguished.
Its very existence
is what defines us.
what makes us human.
That force is love.
Uh. folks. this is your
captain up in the flight deck.
We are on our final descent into
New York for an on-time arrival.
We want to thank you
for flying Regis Air...
and encourage that you ask us...
any connecting gate
information you may need.
We're looking at
partly cloudy skies...
and may hit a little turbulence
on our approach... [Phone Ringing]
so make sure those seat
belts are fastened. Not again.
Yes? [Man] Rose.
get back here! Now!
I need your help!
We're landing. Whatever it
is can wait. Now! Come now!
All right. relax.
♪♪ [Headset: Rock]
Sir? We're landing.
- Would you power off
your device?
- You call this a device?
You have to turn it off.
It's like when a cop
calls a car a "vehicle"...
or. uh. when he calls you
"sir" when he means "asshole."
Having a little gig in
New York coming up.
You give me three or four of those little
baby vodkas. I'll get you a front-row seat.
Turn it off. Put your seat up.
We're landing. sir.
Ma'am.
- Seat backs
in the upright position.
- Finally.
[Tone Chimes] [Captain] Flight
attendants. prepare for landing.
- [Girl Speaking French]
- [French]
♪♪ [Earphones: Pop]
[Tone Chimes] [Captain]
On behalf of the cabin crew.
I want to say that we know you have
many choices when it comes to air travel...
Peter. You haven't done anything
back here! This place is a mess!
There's something in the
plane. What do you mean?
Inside the plane! Something
alive in the cargo hold!
[Tone Chimes]
We'd like to extend
a special thank you...
to any Black Platinum Award
members flying with us tonight...
and encourage all
our passengers to...
What the hell do you
mean? Like a dog?
No. Something
really. really big.
I heard it move.
A thumping underneath
the floor. I heard it trying...
No. Peter. There are no
animals on the manifest.
It tried to open the latch. I heard
a noise. Then it moved away.
But you can feel it moving.
[Tone Chimes] Flight
crew. prepare for arrival.
[Slow. Deliberate Breathing]
[Creaking] [Breathing Continues]
[Whirring]
[Whirring Continues]
[Whirring Stops]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Did you see it? Nothing. I
just think that you heard...
[Loud Banging] Oh.
my God. Oh. my God!
Go to Captain Redfern! Tell
him to warn the landing crew!
And get emergency services!
There's someone down there!
[Shrieking] It's gonna give!
- It's gonna give!
- [Shrieking Continues]
[Bolts Popping]
[Screaming]
Bravo Delta 347. you're
clear for Taxiway Foxtrot.
Bravo Delta 347. clear
for Taxiway Foxtrot.
Regis Air 753. this
is Kennedy Ground.
Regis Air 753. Kennedy Ground.
Regis 753. Kennedy Ground. Over.
[Beeping]
What the...
Bishop!
A Regis Air flight out of
Berlin... a 767 wide-body...
Stopped on the service apron!
What's it doing there? Apron's
dead. That's a blind spot.
The plane just went dark.
Just shut down. Flat-out quit.
No lights. no radio. no nothing.
Regis 753. Kennedy Ground. Over.
Regis 753. Kennedy
Ground. Please respond. Over.
Okay. Shut down Foxtrot. Clear
all the gates and advise reroute.
How many aboard?
Almost full flight. sir.
Uh. passengers and crew.
about 210 souls. Holy Jesus.
Shouldn't we wait for
first responders. sir?
Bishop!
Bishop. wait!
Engines are shut down.
No lights.
Whoa. It's cold.
It's like a dead animal.
There's something
really wrong here.
[Sirens Wailing]
It's like it never moved.
This looks so much bigger from
the ground than on the screen.
I mean. they're like
buildings with wings.
All the window shades
are shut. You see that?
[Officer] Bishop!
Hey. fellas. Bishop.
Not all of 'em.
Scramble all emergency
vehicles to Taxiway Foxtrot.
SWAT? Homeland Security?
Port Authority. FBI. TSA. CDC.
Robbie. no one on
the tower calls home.
No one shares the news.
This is bad. Real bad.
We got ourselves
a dead airplane.
[Horns Honking]
Hey. buddy. you can't park
there. There's a fire hydrant.
It's a medical
emergency. Oh. is it really?
Well. it will be if I can't
get this tie on right.
- You know how to tie this?
- I don't know. man. I wear a clip-on.
You're on your own. You
waiting for somebody?
Yeah. Why? Here's
what I need you to do.
The meter maid comes by. you tell
him it's official CDC business. Okay?
Yeah. sure thing. [Door Closes]
Zack.
Hey. man.
♪♪ [Earphones: Rock]
Hey. dude. You're late.
Five minutes. It can't
be helped. Ten. Dad.
Ten? Okay. This is wrong.
Maybe... Maybe 10.
Well. I got a good
feeling about this.
Wish us luck.
[Kissing]
Good luck.
Five minutes. I know.
I know. I'm sorry.
Ten.
I... I texted you.
Mmm. Five times.
I wouldn't have gotten that 'cause I
don't text when I drive. It's not safe.
Dr. Goodweather.
I... Eph. Please.
She gets "Kelly."
my son gets "Zack."
so Ephraim. or Eph. please.
Dr. Goodweather.
this is the last of six...
court-appointed custody
counseling sessions.
You've been late
for four of them.
You're gonna say that
I'm late because I don't
want to be here. You
might be onto something.
But I have a good reason.
There was this outbreak of hantavirus
in this Alphabet City preschool.
which is extremely rare
this far north and east...
Dr. Goodweather. every time you
come in. you take over the session.
Because I have
control issues. I know.
But I have to
defend myself here...
because this might
be my last chance.
And I've thought long
and hard about this.
It seems like you two have created
this narrative wherein I'm the bad guy.
But why?
Because I don't want
out of my marriage.
'Cause I want things
back the way they were.
But this isn't just
about you. Eph.
What you want. Not anymore.
[Phone Buzzing]
I'm an epidemiologist.
If I take time off. if I go
fly-fishing. people die.
I get that you have an important
job. Ephraim. You're great at your job.
You get straight
A's at your job.
But I'm flunking our
marriage. Is that it?
What are you writing?
Please stop writing.
How horrible am I?
You're not horrible.
You're just barely present.
I've done everything you've asked me
to in order to get us back together again.
I quit drinking.
You wanted time alone so I
moved out. against my own wishes.
I've jumped through every
hoop. Tell me what you need.
Our time apart has only
clarified things for me.
It's allowed me to make
room in my life for Matt.
We're going to be living
together now. and... Matt?
The Sears guy you
were talking about?
My house? Matt is a
operational manager.
At Sears. Yeah. and he
gets straight A's at his job too.
But at home he's present.
Unlike you. he's...
He's always here.
For both of us.
Does he drive a green Prius?
[Phone Buzzing]
You want me to quit my job?
I'll do it. I'll quit my job.
I don't want you to quit
for me. I wouldn't be.
I'd be quitting because
of you. for Zack.
so he isn't driving around
Queens in a green goddamn Prius.
- Dr. Goodweather.
- It's too late. Eph.
I love you. but...
How can you love
me and it be too late?
You want a guy who's
crazy about Zack?
Check.
A guy who's crazy
about you? Check.
Decent? Employed?
Check. Check. [Phone Buzzing]
[Buzzing Continues]
[Beeping]
- [Buzzing Continues]
- [Beeping Continues]
Can't you see that this
is the problem. Eph?
[Beeping Continues]
[Buzzing Continues]
This is who you are.
Go.
[Buzzing Continues]
[Beeping Continues]
Nora. how bad is it? It's crazy.
I have. like. 12 different
agency officials...
about to have a
dick-measuring contest here.
No. it's an international
flight docking out of Berlin.
The CDC gets the first call.
I can be there in 20 minutes.
Can you keep the measuring
contest going that long?
Don't worry. I'll
show them mine.
Might just work.
Sorry.
I guess the meter reader didn't
see it as much of an emergency.
Matt. huh?
Yeah. that's me.
Interesting.
You know. it's too bad
I'm in such a rush. Matt.
But I'm sure I'll see
you again at my house.
You drive safe now. you hear?
Hey. boss.
Got my milk? Uh. yeah. here.
Homeland Security is just desperate
to push the button on a terror alert.
They're ready to get
on that plane right now.
Jim. terrorists usually crash planes.
not land them and shut 'em down.
What are the 911 calls
saying? There haven't been any.
None? Uh-uh. Oh. shit.
Dr. Goodweather.
When we flew to Chicago last week.
we sat on the tarmac for half an hour.
people were freaking
out. texting. calling.
There have been 200 people sitting
there silently for... Over an hour now.
Pilots?
Absolutely no movement.
Have you done heat readings?
Surface of the plane is too cold.
Blocks it all like a screen.
We got Delsar mikes attached to the surface
of the plane. Picked up mostly silence.
Mostly? Well. cooling pings
from the sheet metal contracting.
Oh. and there's. uh. this.
[Beeping] [Whooshing. Static]
[Thumping]
What do you think that
is? Rustling of some sort.
Our experts think it's the engines
shutting down or liquid settling.
- How long between
landing and shutdown?
- Six minutes.
It's too short a window
for a contagious event.
so I think CDC should
take a back seat on this one.
I agree. Do you?
Absolutely I do.
How often do you
touch your face? What?
In a day. How often? I
don't know. Once an hour?
Every three minutes. You have
mouth-hand contact every five minutes.
You touch somebody else every 20
minutes. That's how contagion works.
You don't like terrorists?
Try negotiating with a virus.
A virus exists only to find
a carrier and reproduce.
That's all it does.
and it does it quickly.
It has no political
views. it has no religious
beliefs. it has no
cultural hang-ups.
and it has no
respect for a badge.
It has no concept
of time or geography.
It might as well be
the Middle Ages...
except for the convenience of
hitching a ride on a metal tube...
flying from meal
to meal to meal.
That's how a plague begins.
So you still want to be the
first one through the door?
♪♪ [TV: Cartoon]
[TV: Man] What do you want
us for? We ain't got nothin'.
[Dinging]
So we heard you buy silver
without a receipt. man. Is that right?
[Dinging]
I'm always in need
of good silver. yes.
Okay. well. uh. can I
get. uh. 50... for this?
It's a very nice
timepiece indeed.
I see that the band
links have snapped.
You must have been
in a hurry taking it off.
Can I. uh... Can
I get 50 for it?
I can offer you maybe... 25.
If the test is good.
♪♪ [Continues]
Unfortunately. this is
merely silver-plated brass.
A cheap Eastern
European knockoff.
[Groans]
Listen very carefully. son.
I know your little friend has a gun and
the hammer is cocked. but I don't care.
I can control your entire body
weight from this pressure point.
And this knife is pointing
straight at your radial artery.
By the time he
clears his coat pocket.
your artery will be punctured and
sliced wide open from top to bottom.
You fall down bleeding.
I go under the counter...
and your friend starts
shooting at an empty space.
I can guarantee you
this... you will bleed
out before the 911
operator answers the phone.
That is option one.
Option two is you release the
bills. your friend gives me the gun.
he can keep the bullets... I don't
care... and you leave this store.
Now. son. you have a choice.
[Grunts]
[Whimpering]
Is there anything else I can do
for you gentlemen this evening?
[TV: Man] were
among those killed.
Investigators are trying to
determine what sparked the fire.
but they do not believe
it was suspicious.
We have more now...
on the developing story
out of JFK Airport tonight.
You're looking at live
video of the airplane...
identified as a Regis
Air wide-body jet.
It originated in Berlin...
and it shut down just
moments after landing.
We are told there has been
no communication from the pilot.
All attempts to contact
the flight crew... Berlin.
Inside the aircraft
have been unsuccessful.
Federal and local
agencies are on the scene.
including officials from
the Port Authority...
[Speakers: Irish Tenor]
♪ I wandered today ♪
♪ To the hills. Maggie ♪
♪ To watch the scene below ♪
♪ The creek ♪
♪ And the creaking
old mill. Maggie ♪
♪ As we used to long ago ♪
♪ The green grove is gone ♪
♪ From the hills. Maggie ♪
♪ Where first the daisies ♪
♪ Sprung ♪
♪ The creaking old mill ♪
♪ Is still. Maggie ♪
♪ Since you and I ♪
♪ Were young ♪
♪♪ [Continues]
He's back.
I. uh...
I don't know if I have the
strength to do it all over again.
This time...
I cannot fail.
Feeling hungry?
♪♪ [Continues]
Enjoy. dear.
[Heartbeat]
♪ When you and I ♪
♪ Were ♪
♪ Young ♪♪
[Sirens Wailing]
I'm not looking forward
to what we'll see out there.
You with me?
Mysterious dead plane on
the tarmac not exciting enough?
Sorry.
It's just another...
court-mandated happy
family therapy day.
I noticed. You cut your hair.
You cleaned up nicely.
- Did you break out a tie?
- It's in my jacket pocket.
Did it help? Uh. no.
In fact. it didn't. She wants
to take Zack away from me.
And there's a... man-child...
living in my house with my son.
Careful.
Stay focused.
You and Kelly have been
separated for a year. Things happen.
It happened to us.
Oh. that's different.
How is it different? It just is.
I don't think Kelly would agree.
She doesn't know. I
never told her. You didn't?
No. She. uh...
She filed. so I didn't tell
her. She doesn't know.
You really know nothing
about women. do you?
[Chattering]
[Machine Powering Up]
[Beeping]
Okay. boss.
Ready to go through the
looking glass? Ready. Jim.
I got your milk.
Keep it cold till I come back.
Oh. my God.
Jim. do you see this?
It's every passenger.
everyone on the plane.
Yeah. we're seeing it.
[Ephraim] They're all dead.
[Jim] What is it. Eph?
What killed them?
No signs of struggle.
[Nora] No signs of
blistering or chemical agents.
No bruising.
[Ephraim] Faint discoloration.
No markings.
Shit. What is it?
Something sudden.
Painless.
All the window shades are
closed except for this one.
[Jim] Is it a gas
leak? Is it chemical?
[Nora] The hazmat CAT's
picking up high levels of ammonia.
Nothing deadly though.
There shouldn't be any
ammonia in the plane systems.
- Jim. check the cargo manifest.
- Got it.
I need a cargo manifest.
What about the Geiger?
It's negative. Jim.
♪♪ [Pop. Faint]
♪♪ [Earphones: Pop Continues]
No visible signs of trauma.
♪♪ [Off]
No bloating.
The tongue and soft palate
appear pale. almost white.
Eyes are clear.
The skin is dry. It's inelastic.
There's no frothing.
no nosebleeds.
There's no signs of struggle.
Almost peaceful.
Let's try the UV lights.
My God.
What is this?
[Nora] Are you getting this?
[Ephraim] These patterns are
everywhere. all over the cabin.
They're only visible
under UV light.
[Nora] The pattern
is biological.
Probably where the
ammonia is coming from.
I'm taking samples.
You take the front
galley. I'll take the rear.
Jimbo.
[Ephraim] What is this?
No "Jimbo." please.
Um. that's the
cargo compartment.
Have it emptied. take
each piece of luggage...
and check it for biological
agents and ammonia spectrum.
[Jim] Got it.
Jim?
[Nora] Cockpit door just opened.
[Bishop] It should be locked.
[Jim] Nora. that door's
not supposed to be open.
Just gonna take a quick look.
Back out of there right now. Okay?
That door's supposed to be locked.
You shouldn't be in there alone.
Nora. can you hear me? Eph!
The door to the cockpit
is open. Nora is inside.
[Jim] Nora? Eph?
Come on. guys.
Somebody talk to me.
- [Gasps]
- [Gasping]
Nora! I'm coming!
[Loud Gasp]
Help me.
Lady. get the
light outta my face!
[Gasping. Coughing]
[Jim] I'm sending in SWAT!
No. Jim. Send paramedics.
We've got survivors.
[Bell Dings]
Mr. Palmer. Shh.
It's his dialysis session.
He's asleep.
Well. then wake him up.
When he's ready. Now.
In time. [Machine Beeps]
[Female Computer
Voice] Dialysis complete.
How long have you worked
for Stoneheart. Mr. Fitzwilliam?
All my life. sir.
Mr. Palmer aided me and my
brothers after my father passed.
Gratitude.
What an effective leash.
[Palmer] Herr Eichhorst.
Mr. Palmer.
Herr Eichhorst is here
to pay his respects.
I'll be outside if you need me.
You may notice how chilly it
has gotten in here. Eichhorst.
Twenty full degrees cooler
than the rest of the building.
But not too cold
for you. I trust.
Of course.
It can't be too
cold for you. can it?
The cargo has arrived safely.
And all four survivors
have been found.
Throughout my life.
I've learned what it
feels to cross a line.
to do things...
Things that cannot be undone.
That line...
It has been crossed
now. hasn't it?
Your breath.
I'll never get used to... Yes.
Even I miss breathing sometimes.
Here we go.
[Siren Blares]
Wait for me. It won't be long.
Everett.
Eph.
How bad is it?
[Jim] The NTSB has
taken over a refrigerated
chemical warehouse in the Bronx.
They've turned it into a fully
contained mass casualty morgue.
That's not necessary. Everett.
These bags are triple-sealed.
I'm handing a dozen
bodies over to the CME.
four from each section
of the plane. for autopsies.
And the four survivors? I've secured
the isolation rooms at a local hospital.
We need to move them
there right away. Of course.
I'm sure they'll comply.
Comply? I'm not asking.
I'm invoking the Health Powers
Act. Those four survivors stay.
Quarantine?
It's within the powers of the
CDC. Everett. You know that.
Look. if you quarantine.
I need you to meet with the next of kin.
reassure them the CDC's on the case.
Fine.
[Nora] We're trying to
figure out what caused this.
Isn't that what's
most important for us?
Yes. of course. but it's also important
that we don't have full-tilt panic.
These people need to hear
from someone in the field.
We don't know anything yet!
You two figure this out. I don't
have time for this shit. Jim?
[Jim] Yeah.
When he talks to the families.
I want no press. Everett.
No press. I promise.
[Man] 4243.
4249.
Okay. wait. You're telling me only
four people survived this plane crash?
Ms. Luss... It's Mrs. Luss.
Mrs. Luss. there was no crash.
An unidentified agent killed
all of the remaining passengers.
Any information you can
give us would be of great help.
Of great help to whom?
To us. ma'am. The CDC.
Okay. well. I'm no ordinary
passenger. I'm Joan Luss.
I'm an attorney...
of Matloff. Luss and Hayum.
So all that information that you're
collecting. you're gonna need to get to me.
Personally...
Wh... What are you doing?
Don't seal me in. I'm talking to you.
Excuse me. little miss! Don't you
walk away from me! I am Joan Luss!
Captain Redfern. this is
my colleague. Dr. Martinez.
What happened on my plane?
That's what we came to ask you.
Now. I want you to try
to recall as best you can.
Fresh-cut grass?
Garlic? Green apple?
Do you remember smelling any of
these odors before you passed out?
What? Grass? Apples?
Mnemonic odors. The way
our brain reads chemicals.
Phosphine gas...
Colorless. smells like garlic.
Or phosgene... very toxic.
Smells like freshly cut grass.
I remember landing the plane
and turning onto the taxiway.
And then...
I don't remember anything else.
Eph. can I get you for a sec?
Oh. thank God you're here.
I was just telling him I have
this noise in my head. like a hum.
Could you have someone
look at my ears again?
We'll have somebody
perform a full battery of tests.
But for now you need to stay
inside this tent. Mr. Barbour.
Y-You don't understand. My wife
is gonna panic if I don't call soon.
I need to call home.
Hey. you.
You the guy I gotta
talk to around here?
Uh. yeah. I think so.
How about some
Demerol. Doc. huh?
I mean. what time's that
refreshment cart swing by?
Mr. Bolivar. what was the last
thing you remember before landing?
[Sighs] I don't know.
Uh. flickering lights. maybe.
I black out sometimes.
Those cuts on your arm?
Oh. these?
Yeah. I cut. For the fans.
Tell me. this. uh... tattoos.
the occult. Satanic thing.
Is this really part of your
belief system? [Sighs]
You kidding. Doc?
My father's a Baptist minister.
I'm in it for the pussy.
Eph. There's something you have
to see in the cargo area right now.
Okay. let's go.
Who uncrated this thing? No one.
This is how it came out. No
straps. no containment wrap.
What is it? What's inside
it? No one's opened it yet.
What does it say on the
manifest? Not on the manifest.
Got golf clubs.
kayaks. machine parts.
40 generators. 10.000
condoms. 10 plasma TVs.
but no box.
[Nora] Looks like
a coffin. doesn't it?
Coffin? It's nine feet tall.
It's old.
It's hand-carved.
it's not machined.
[Jim] Hey. guys. Over here.
Guys. uh. look. we swabbed it.
we ran the Geiger. we did samples
of the air and everything is fine.
But the NTSB was crystal clear.
They didn't want
us to touch anything.
Help me open it.
Okay.
Soil?
Why would someone
ship a box of soil?
What are the chances of someone
loading this unchecked and unlisted?
Something this size on a
flight bound for the U.S.?
Impossible. Not
in today's world.
Jim. get samples from
the top. mid. bottom.
Plastic seal it. I'm on it.
No one goes near this. Not
Customs. not Homeland Security.
Nobody.
Eph. look.
It's a latch.
Why would anyone
put a latch on the inside?
Call Berlin. There's
gotta be a record of this.
Somebody put this on the plane.
We just have to find out who.
[Beeps]
[Woman] A lot of
confusion here tonight...
at JFK International
Airport. Nestor.
Officials with the Centers
for Disease Control...
Hey. man. Who doesn't put your mom
first is out-of-his-mind crazy. Right. Z?
[Computer: Reporter] Authorities
have discovered multiple casualties.
I repeat: multiple casualties aboard
the stalled airliner. Regis Air Flight 753.
Tonight was a big step for you.
Shh! What we don't know
is what caused the fatalities.
As you can see behind me.
officials with the
CDC are on the scene.
but whether this is any indication
of a biological contamination...
Terrorists. Has to be.
What do you think. Z?
Whatever it is.
my dad'll handle it.
Good night. Good
night. sweetheart.
We have no official word
on what caused the fatalities...
or what might have caused
the catastrophic systems failure...
that afflicted the plane
shortly after it landed.
And I need the master list of passengers
with their points of embarkation.
[Phone Beeping]
Also every place where that
plane landed before Berlin.
[Phone Keys Clicking]
Eph.
Families are waiting.
You know this is all about
him covering his own ass. right?
Just talk to them like
you'd like to be talked to.
Tell them what
you'd like to hear.
Whatever happens. I'll be there.
[Speaking German]
[Faint Whisper]
[Man Speaking German]
[Voice Whispering]
[High-pitched Humming]
Hey.
You hear that?
No. Sorry. Nothing.
[Voice Whispering. Faint]
[Breathing]
What the...
[Shrieks]
[Gasping]
[Choking]
[Screaming]
[Grunts. Panting]
You've got hands.
homeboy. [Grunting]
Knocking boys out every
day when I was locked up.
[Grunting]
Greatest all-time.
like Mayweather. brah.
What's up? Hah! Hah! Hah!
When I go pro. when I get
rich. I'll let you wash my car.
I'll let him be my driver.
Whoo! That was it.
You'd have been
asleep for a week.
Greatest of all time.
baby. Greatest of all time!
You are avoiding me. Gus.
This guy.
It's like that?
You just appear out of nowhere?
Reminds me of my
ex. huh? [Chuckles]
Now I'm gon' tell
you like I told her.
How you find me. bitch?
I'll catch up to y'all
in a little bit. man.
We good.
What's up?
As we agreed. you will pick
up the vehicle at the airport.
The airport? Whole
place is on lock.
You don't watch
the news. white boy?
You will enter through a
service staircase. get the vehicle.
When you get to a barricade.
you will be let through.
It's all arranged.
Calm down. 007.
Never let you down
before. This is different.
I need to make sure you
follow my instructions precisely.
Your brother's
criminal record...
and your mother's
immigration status.
If this is a threat.
you just made a mistake. puto.
It is not a threat.
It is more a reward.
The rest of your fee
is in the glove box.
Destination is preprogrammed...
on the GPS in the vehicle.
I get picked up driving a
stolen van. that's it. brah.
They're gonna send
me back to the bull pen.
Can't go back.
Can't do it. man.
It is not stolen.
You will be let through.
and in the end of it...
your mother's immigration
status will be fixed.
your brother's
criminal record erased.
I do this for you.
that's it... I'm done.
You lose my number
and my address.
I'm trying to do the right
thing by my mother now.
'Cause if anything
happens to her...
I mean anything...
I'll kill your waxy ass.
Three rules.
You will not examine the cargo.
you will not make any stops...
and you will cross the bridge back
into Manhattan before daybreak.
Do you understand?
In English then.
The three rules.
Screw you.
Suck my dick.
I'll get it done.
[Faint Rattling]
[Woman On P.A.] Flight 876
will be departing from Gate 23.
Once again. Flight 876 will
be departing from Gate 23.
[People Clamoring]
[Woman Shouting] [People
Chanting] Bolivar! Bolivar!
[Clamoring Continues] My
daughter... My daughter is on that flight!
[Chanting Continues]
Bolivar! Bolivar! Bolivar!
Bolivar! Bolivar!
Sir. this area of
the airport is closed.
You have to wait back
there with everybody else.
Hey! Settle down.
will you? Settle down!
I need you to settle
down! Bolivar! Bolivar!
[Chanting Continues.
Audio Fades]
[Officer] Hey! Sir! Sir!
Hey! Sir!
[Grunts]
It's all right. Just go get a
wheelchair. He's a medical.
You all right? Sir. what do
you have here? You have a...
Coumadin. You got
a heart condition?
Are you all right?
[Chanting Continues]
Bolivar! Bolivar! Bolivar!
You in charge?
What?
I need to talk to
someone about that plane.
I recognize some of
these names in first class.
That never helps.
Look. Eph.
Just introduce yourself...
and tell them we're on it.
You'll do great.
Go on.
[Reporters.
Bystanders Clamoring]
When you said no press.
I almost believed you.
[Clamoring Continues]
[Clamoring Quiets]
[Camera Shutters Clicking]
I'm Ephraim Goodweather.
I'm the chief
medical officer for the
Centers of Disease
Control here in New York.
I have been asked
to introduce myself...
and to give you a preliminary update
about where we are in the investigation.
- [Clamoring Resumes]
- Please. If I could just...
- Please. Please. Please.
- My son!
[Clamoring Quiets]
I think I'm supposed to stand
here and somehow reassure you.
I can't do that.
206 passengers on Regis
Air Flight 753 are dead.
[All Gasping] And
we don't know why.
Four passengers survived
and we don't know why.
[Woman Sobbing]
What I can tell you. having
been the first to board the plane.
is that they all appeared to have
died peacefully. without distress.
- That's the only comfort
I can give you at this time.
- [Sobbing Continues]
You want answers...
Real answers...
To what happened on
that plane. and so do I.
And I won't quit until
we're all satisfied.
I don't care about
your promises!
I want my daughter back!
All you do is talk and talk!
That's all you do!
This is my daughter.
My daughter Emma.
And I want to see her
again... Dead. alive.
I'm her father!
Don't you have
children of your own?
Don't you have a heart?
Forty-eight hours. I'll get you
answers. It's the best I can do.
No. please! Please!
[All Shouting]
Jesus. Goodweather. what
are you doing to me here?
Just tell me what you have.
I'm just getting into it now. I
haven't finished cutting all of them yet.
- Just give me anything you can.
- Okay. Top of the charts?
This here.
Can you see this?
Here?
Yeah. What is that?
It's an incision.
Deep enough to puncture one wall of
the carotid artery without rupturing it.
Razor sharp. Clean cut.
No bruising. no trauma.
There's no instrument
that can do that.
Not that I'm aware of
anyway. Not with this precision.
Anything else? Gets
way more interesting.
A spot-check of six other
corpses revealed the same thing.
The exact same wound
in the exact same place.
Are you telling me that the other
passengers have the same incision?
Or puncture. yes.
All the ones I've
looked at so far.
There is one more
intriguing abnormality.
I... I don't... What the
hell am I looking at?
On our screen that
looks white. Because it is.
White and opalescent.
Blood proteins are separating?
No. in fact. there's a complete
absence of hypostasis.
No blood pooling anywhere.
And an absolute
absence of erythrocytes.
I'll know more once I cut
into the liver and kidneys. but...
I'm sorry to do this to you. but you're
gonna have to do the preliminary alone.
- I don't want any of this
leaking to the press.
- Okay. buddy.
- But you'll owe me.
- For the rest of my life.
Shit.
[Reporter] This just in. It appears
we now have confirmation...
Eph. I'm sorry. but I think you're
gonna want to talk to this man.
One of the four surviving
passengers is the goth rock star Bolivar.
His followers are
up in arms as...
Dr. Goodweather. my
name is Abraham Setrakian.
It's very nice to meet you.
I can't talk right now. Eph.
He says he has some
insight into the outbreak here.
Great. Mr. Kent here can
take down your information.
Time is of the essence. Doctor.
- It certainly is. Jim?
- Eph.
You have to listen to me. I
have seen this disease before.
I have faced it before.
Y-Y-You must contain it.
You've seen it before? Where?
I assure you. we're taking
every available precaution.
You're not. You can't.
And he is counting on that.
"He"?
It is too much to
say all at once here...
without... sounding crazy.
No. of course not.
Jim. we're going
to the cargo hold.
Please take care of this
gentleman for me. Thank you.
It's okay. Just come with me.
The bodies. They are not
decomposing normally. yes?
The tissues are still pliable.
How do you know that?
Nora. Nora.
Listen to me now.
What I'm about to
say I do not say lightly.
All the passengers on
that plane. dead and alive.
they must be destroyed.
[Bystanders Murmuring]
[Man] What was that?
Destroyed? Okay.
Here you go. fellas.
Feel better.
The heads must be severed.
the bodies burned... destroyed!
Doctor. did you find the coffin?
If you have the coffin. then you
still have him. It is not too late!
Destroy the coffin!
Do not allow it
across the river!
As advised by Dr. Goodweather.
I will examine the
body under UV light.
How did that old man
know about the coffin?
You mean the cabinet?
He called it a coffin. I
know what he called it.
He also told us to
destroy 206 bodies.
And he had a sword.
Nora!
What?
What the hell is that?
Looks like a horsehair worm.
Or a Dirofilaria immitis.
Body is simple.
It's just collagen.
Degenerate non-functional
digestive system.
Look at that. It's beautiful.
It's looking for a
host. It's desperate.
So. it's not airborne.
That's the carrier.
Eph. look.
Soil.
Hey! Where's that cabinet?
What cabinet?
There. Right there. Rewind.
Can you go slower?
Frame by frame?
There must be a gap or
a cut. No. there's no cut.
Watch the time code.
Wait. two seconds. Go back.
[Ephraim] Start there.
Wait. Wait. There!
What's that distortion?
[Man] I don't know.
But it grabs the box...
and lifts off... up.
That box was 500 pounds.
Nothing can lift it up like that.
The old man said. "If you have
the coffin. you still have him."
Him.
This footage is only
seven minutes old.
The box is still in the airport.
Mm-hmm.
What the hell is that?
Crazy-ass white boy.
Come on. come on.
come on. Pick up.
Jim. Where are you? Right now.
At the main garage
door. funneling traffic out.
Stop it! Stop everyone!
This is an emergency!
You need to seal off the
perimeter of the airport.
That box? Remember the
box with the markings on it?
Yeah. yeah. The Berlin
cargo omit. That's the one.
Now listen carefully. Jim.
We need to stop all
vehicles big enough to hold it.
No vans. no trucks. nothing.
No big vehicles. No exceptions.
Okay. no big vehicles in or
out of the security zone. Got it.
All right. everybody. listen up.
I want none of these trucks... big-sized
vehicles released without my authorization.
Come on.
Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah.
Pull up there. sir.
I'll be right with you.
Shit.
Shit. shit. shit.
[Chamber Clicks]
ID and permit. Oh. yeah. man.
Crazy what's happening. huh?
What do you want
me to do with this?
[Dog Barking]
Step out of the vehicle.
Open the cargo area. sir.
[Barking Continues]
Step out of the vehicle. sir.
- Get that light out of my face.
- Step out of the vehicle. sir.
Can I get my seat belt?
Hey. What's going on here?
I asked for ID. He gave me this.
Well. this is one
of our vehicles.
You can let him through. Sir?
I said. let him through!
You tell those sons
of bitches I'm done.
I came through for them.
but now I am done. You got it?
Okay. go.
[Bone Saw Whirring]
[Whirring Stops]
I have now removed
the chest plate...
of one of the subjects... ♪♪
[Speakers: Man Singing Pop]
and found...
abnormal neoplasms...
in the heart. liver...
and kidneys.
♪♪ [Continues]
The growths do not seem
like oncological aberrations...
but almost like...
new. fully functional
organs. ♪ Touching me ♪
♪ Touching you ♪
Hmm.
♪ Sweet Caroline ♪
♪ Good times never
seemed so good ♪
[Clattering]
♪ I've been inclined ♪
♪ To believe they never would ♪
♪ But now I ♪
♪ Look at the night ♪
♪ And it don't seem so lonely ♪
[Metallic Squeak]
♪ We fill it up with only two ♪
[Squishing]
♪ And when I hurt ♪
♪ Hurtin' runs off
my shoulders ♪
♪ How can I hurt ♪
♪ Holding you? ♪
What...
♪ Warm ♪
[Gasping]
♪ Touching warm ♪
♪ Reaching out ♪
♪ Touching me ♪
♪ Touching you ♪
♪ Sweet Caroline ♪
[Gasping]
♪ Good times never
seemed so good ♪
[Groaning]
♪ I've been inclined ♪
♪ To believe they never would ♪
♪ Oh. no. no ♪
[Corpses Groaning. Growling]
[Corpses Snarling]
No. N...
[Screaming]
♪ Sweet Caroline ♪
♪ Good times never
seemed so good ♪
♪ Sweet Caroline ♪♪
[Siren Blares]
Sorry. Eph. Nothing.
You got anything here?
Just trying to figure out how a
500-pound. nine-foot-tall coffin...
got up and walked away.
You called it a coffin.
We'll get a break. We always do.
We just gotta find someplace to start.
This is where we start.
What the hell are those?
Something new.
S-E-T-R-A-K-I-A-N.
Setrakian?
What is that?
Armenian.
Is that where you're from?
At one time.
How soon may I leave? Well.
nothing happens till Monday.
Then charges are filed.
But it's almost dawn now.
Hey! Hey. cop! Come on. man!
Quiet down in here!
You a librarian?
Oh.
That's some ancient ink
you got there. old man.
What is that? Numbers? Yeah.
Numbers.
Does it mean anything?
Only to me.
[Eichhorst] Everything
went as planned.
Love is going to
guide them all back...
to their homes.
to their loved ones.
Curious detail.
An old man with a sword
was arrested at the airport.
The Jew. He's still at it.
After all these years.
You must admire him for that.
I'll take care of him. Mmm.
I look out upon this island...
and I savor what is to come...
Purity.
Mr. Fitzwilliam.
A sentimental man would
venture out into the city tonight...
to walk these
streets one last time...
before the fall.
Do you require
anything else. sir? No.
For the first time in my life.
I have everything I need.
♪♪ [Speakers. Hip-hop:
Man Rapping In Spanish]
♪♪ [Continues]
♪♪ [Humming Along]
[Ringing] [TV: Man
Shouting In Spanish]
Hello?
- [Speaking Spanish]
- [Spanish]
It's Gusto. ¿Quién más?
Huh? No. mami. no. I'm not
smoking. Are you kidding me?
I'm working. Just calling to
check in to see what you're up to.
Is Crispin home?
He is. [Spanish]
Mama. one beer left.
Why do you do this to me?
How many times do I gotta tell
you? I'm making his breakfast.
I'm getting on the bridge now.
I'll be home in an hour. Okay.
♪♪ [Hip-hop Continues]
I don't know what you are.
but you're bringing
me good luck.
♪♪ [Continues]
♪♪ [Singing Along]
[Abraham Narrating]
Love. you see.
is the one force that
cannot be explained.
cannot be broken down
into a chemical process.
It is the beacon that
guides us back home...
when no one is there...
and the light that
illuminates our loss.
Its absence robs
us of all pleasure.
of our capacity for joy.
It makes our nights darker...
and our days gloomier.
But when we find love.
no matter how wrong.
how sad or how terrible.
we cling to it.
It gives us our strength.
It holds us upright.
It feeds on us...
and we feed on it.
[Clock Chiming]
[Sobbing] Emma.
Emma. [Tapping]
[Speaking French]
[Sniffling] Emma.
[Sobbing] Oh. baby.
[Abraham Narrating]
Love is our grace.
Love...
is our downfall.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-